Write a program which, first reads from a text file (the name of which is given as an argument at the command line) words (one per line)
and stores them in a dynamically defined table strings.
It will then compute and print all uppercase Latin letters and the frequency of each letter, in the set of words, sorted in descending order of frequency.
In the end, it will produce and print the combinations of the first 5 letters (those with the highest frequency) by 2.
For the implementation of the program, all the following rules will be taken into account:
● In case the program is executed with an incorrect number of parameters, this message will be printed: "Invalid number of parameters" and the program will be terminated.
● If the input flle cannot be read, this message will be printed: "Cannot read input file" and the program will be terminated.
● The input file shall contain, exclusively, upper case Latin characters and line changes. There will be a line change and after the last word.
    In case an incorrect content in the input file is detected (must be checked) this message will be printed: "Invalid Data in Line XXXXXXX" where XXXXXXX is the line number of the file which the error was detected (7 numerical digits) and the program will be terminated.
● Each letter and its frequency will be printed on an independent line which will have the form "Y XXXXXXX" where Y is the letter and XXXXXXX the frequency (7 numerical digits).
● Each combination of letters will be printed on a line of the form: "XY" where X is the 1st letter of the combination and Y is the 2nd letter. There will be no space in between.
● If at any point in the program, the memory commitment fails, for whatever reason, the message "Memory Problem" will be printed and the program will be terminated.
● The program will write to the standard input, if applicable, only the previous messages exactly as specified in the specification.
    Each message is followed by a change line. No other messages, blanks, blank lines etc. will be printed for any reason.